






Replit Cloud
Publish a sharable version of your App, unaffected by changes made in the project editor
Manage custom domains for your published project
View traffic, request metrics, resource usage, and analytics for your deployed App
Find, fix, and monitor SEO and growth opportunities
Stores structured data such as user profiles, game scores, and product catalogs.
Let users log in to your App using a prebuilt login page
Find, fix, and monitor security vulnerabilities and privacy issues
Host and save uploads like images, videos, and documents
Setup
Connect to Replit-native and external services
Version control for your App
Store sensitive information (like API keys) securely in your App
Manage skills that extend Agent capabilities
Git

Version control for your App

Commit


Add reproduction details and screenshot for Sign in with Apple failure
Replit Agent
committed
5 minutes ago
1 parent 

Showing 2 changed files.



22FD9D76-B024-4E4D-BD88-BD109927F497_1786300697294.PNG
attached_assets

Added

Pasted-We-have-reproduced-the-exact-Sign-in-with-Apple-failure_1786300684504.txt
attached_assets

Added

men kan du även göra den p åengelska också samt för ipda fixa zip fil
6 days ago
Recreating localized sign-in screens

Recreating localized sign-in screens
Jag fixar engelska + iPad-versioner genom att rendera riktiga appen (webbversionen) i rätt upplösning. Först kollar jag hur språk och onboarding-flaggan styrs så jag kan nå inloggningsskärmen direkt.

17 actions
Alla bilder klara. Nu tar jag bort de tillfälliga kodändringarna och paketerar zip-filen.

Restored files

App Store-skärmbilder (zip)
File
Concluding the final tasks

Concluding the final tasks
Klart! Zip-filen ligger ovanför med fyra publiceringsklara skärmbilder som visar den nya inloggningen med Sign in with Apple:

iPhone 6,9" (1320×2868): svenska (din riktiga TestFlight-bild, rensad) + engelska
iPad 13" (2048×2732): svenska + engelska
De engelska och iPad-versionerna renderades direkt från riktiga appen i rätt upplösning, och de tillfälliga kodändringarna jag använde för det är borttagna igen — inget i appen har ändrats.

Ladda upp dem i App Store Connect under respektive skärmstorlek och språk (svenska/engelska), så minskar du risken att granskaren missar att Apple-inloggningen finns.

Worked for 2 minutes

Checkpoint made
6 days ago

Attached Image

Attached Image
fick detta. The dimensions of one or more screenshots are wrong. Learn More Screenshots dimensions should be: 1242 × 2688px, 2688 × 1242px, 1284 × 2778px or 2778 × 1284px

--

kolla de gamla bilderna så ser du hur det ser ut
6 days ago
Updating screenshot resolutions and styles

Updating screenshot resolutions and styles
Apple vill ha 6,5"-formatet (1284×2778) för iPhone, och dina gamla bilder har en marknadsföringsstil (rubrik + telefonram). Jag gör om inloggningsbilderna i samma stil och exakt rätt mått. Kollar först vilka typsnitt som finns.

9 actions
Bilderna sitter fint i samma stil som de gamla. Jag paketerar zip-filen med rätt mått.

Deleted files

App Store-skärmbilder i rätt mått (zip)
File
Concluding the project

Concluding the project
Klart! Zip-filen ovanför innehåller fyra bilder i samma marknadsföringsstil som dina gamla skärmbilder — mörk bakgrund, NAVIXA-märke, rubrik med orange accent och appen i en telefonram:

iPhone 1284×2778 (måttet Apple efterfrågade): svenska + engelska
iPad 2048×2732: svenska + engelska
Ladda upp dem i App Store Connect så ska måttfelet vara borta. Vill du ha en annan rubriktext på någon av dem är det snabbt fixat.

Worked for 2 minutes

Checkpoint made
6 days ago

Pasted-We-have-reproduced-the-exact-Sign-in-with-Apple-failure_1786300684504.txt

Attached Image
6 minutes ago

13 actions

Worked for 53 seconds

Checkpoint made
5 minutes ago
Add reproduction details and screenshot for Sign in with Apple failure
Aug 09, 2026 at 8:39 PM

Scroll to latest
Agent has questions for you

Add secrets
To proceed with the project setup, please provide the following API secrets. Enter the required information in the designated fields and click submit to securely store them.
CLERK_SECRET_KEY
Enter the value for CLERK_SECRET_KEY. It will be saved as a Replit Secret.






Loading... - Replit 

Pasted-We-have-reproduced-the-exact-Sign-in-with-Apple-failure_1786300684504.txt
We have reproduced the exact Sign in with Apple failure that App Review reported.

The native app shows this Clerk error:

"The current redirect URL navixa:// does not match an authorized redirect URI"

Important findings:

- Production app uses:
  EXPO_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=
  pk_live_Y2xlcmsuc2Fua2Etc2tlcHAucmVwbGl0LmFwcCQ

- This decodes to the Replit-managed Clerk frontend:
  clerk.sanka-skepp.replit.app

- The app uses scheme:
  navixa

- Bundle identifier:
  com.navixa.app

- Production Clerk proxy is:
  https://sanka-skepp.replit.app/api/__clerk

This appears to be the Replit-managed Clerk instance/proxy, not a normal Clerk project that I can manage in my personal Clerk dashboard.

Please fix the production authentication configuration so the native redirect URI used by Sign in with Apple is authorized.

Specifically:

1. Inspect the actual production Clerk/Replit Auth instance serving:
   https://sanka-skepp.replit.app/api/__clerk

2. Determine the exact redirectUrl generated by features/auth/oauth.ts for oauth_apple on iOS.

3. Ensure that native redirect is authorized in the production Clerk/Replit Auth configuration.
   The error currently identifies:
   navixa://

4. Do NOT change the app to use my unrelated personal Clerk "My Application" project.

5. Verify Sign in with Apple end-to-end using the production configuration:
   Apple sheet -> authentication -> redirect back into Navixa -> Clerk session created -> user reaches the app.

6. Test from a clean native/release session, not only web/Expo Go.

7. Confirm whether fixing the authorized redirect requires:
   - a Replit Auth setting,
   - Clerk production instance setting,
   - code change to redirectUrl,
   - or all of the above.

8. If a code change is required, implement it, run typecheck/tests, commit and push to poyansandnell/Navixa main.

9. Report the exact redirect URI now authorized and whether a new EAS build is required.

Do not guess. Trace the live production auth flow and reproduce the exact redirect mismatch.